<p id="p-pink" style="font-family: 'cooper black'; color:
                        #fe0bf8; font-size: 70px;">                  
                          Guzzler, Rosanna, Victoria, 2021
                          --
                          Suardiaz didn't so much exhibit as offload. Four "mystery pallets" retail euphemism for surplus trash rebranded as entrepreneurial goldmine -- were ordered from American liquidation warehouses and shipped sight unseen to the driveway of Guzzler, a suburban gallery squatting in the faint afterglow of global art discourse. The pallets couldn't fit through the door. That seemed appropriate. They had to be disassembled,
                          dragged in, rewrapped in fresh
                          plastic -- less Duchamp -> more DHL. Their contents: broken humidifiers, expired pet shampoo, a crockpot, three VR headsets, crushed
                          boxes of off-brand fashion sneakers. Minimalism -- by way of misdelivery. The title 1 gestures toward a debut, or a blunt integer. A first solo show in name only -- the artist was elsewhere (Inglewood? Ibiza? Manhattan?), communicating by WhatsApp calls and Hillary Clinton display icons. 
                        </p>

 <p id="p-pink" style="font-family: 'cooper black'; color:
                    #fe0bf8; font-size: 70px;">
                      The real presence was the filler, the exhaustion, the non-authored composition of post-circulatory logistics.
                      Alex Vivian wrote the press release 60 minutes before the opening, at the artist's request -> this
                      mimicked stories about Sam Pulitzer dashing off press texts an hour before openings at Greene
                      Naftali. In that version, the stakes were high-gloss. At Guzzler, it's dirt floors, mystery goods, and a
                      thin scrim of theory as shrink wrap. This wasn't a critique of labor -- more like a gesture toward the kind of gesture that might look like a critique of labor. Aestheticized congestion. Blocked entry. Call it filler, call it franchise logic. 
                      The gallery looked full. That was
                      enough.</p>